### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What are important differences between Python and JavaScript?
Important differences between Python and JavaScript are as follows:
* python has no in-built support for arrays while JS supports inbuilt data types
* Python uses indentation to define code blocks while JS uses curly braces to define code blocks
* Python uses new line to terminate statements while JS uses semicolons.
* Python uses the 'self' keyword while JS uses 'this' keyword. 

- Given a dictionary like ``{"a": 1, "b": 2}``: , list two ways you
  can try to get a missing key (like "c") *without* your programming
  crashing.
  For Python you can use the get() method where the first parameter takes the key you are looking for and the second parameter takes a default value that the key will default to if there is no returned value.  
  Another way is using setdefault(). This one works similarly to get() but each time a key is absent, a new key is created with the def_value associated with the key passed in arguments. 

- What is a unit test?  
A unit test is a process of testing the small pieces of code instead of the whole thing all at once. 
- What is an integration test?  
This is the phase in software testing in which individual software modules are combined and tested as a group. 
- What is the role of web application framework, like Flask?  
The role of a web application framework, like Flask, is to offer tools, libraries, and mechanics that all you to build a web application but does not dictate or enforce any dependencies regarding how the project should look.  
- You can pass information to Flask either as a parameter in a route URL
  (like '/foods/pretzel') or using a URL query param (like
  'foods?type=pretzel'). How might you choose which one is a better fit
  for an application?  
  This depends on the focus. You use the query string parameters if you are describing the object you are on, whereas, you use the route if you are just getting to the object. For example, the above shows the query string describing the food type whereas pretzel is its own object with the route. 

  Another explanation might be that query is more for a search whereas the route is more for something that is predefined (limited)

- How do you collect data from a URL placeholder parameter using Flask?
request.args.get()

- How do you collect data from the query string using Flask?
request.args.get() 
- How do you collect data from the body of the request using Flask?
request.form.get()
- What is a cookie and what kinds of things are they commonly used for?
A cookie is a small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. Its purpose is to remember information about you and relay that back to the server. 

- What is the session object in Flask?
The session object in Flask is used to track the session data which is a dictionary object that contains key-value pair of the the session variables and their associated values. It is similar to cookies in that it stores the data and relays it back. 
- What does Flask's `jsonify()` do?
It serializes data to JSON, wraps it in a Response object with the application/json mimetype. 